https://codepen.io/Swampbrogre/pen/RwNBVjr?editors=0100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
HTML that is made for meaning rather than style.
2. What is HTML used for?
HTML is used to build the basics of a website and present information.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Attributes are used to group html into categories. Attributes are put in the first opening tags 
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is used for titles and should only be used once or twice.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
images and links.
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The header.
7. What is an id? 
A very specific attribute for one tag.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
h1-6, divs, p, spans, etc..
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
0
10. What is a class? 
An attribute that groups similar html together
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
p, h1-6, divs, spans, etc...
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you want
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank".
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Alternative text. To render something when the main element cannot be rendered.
15. How do I reference an id?
With a #.
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section represents a group of content of the same theme, whereas a div does not define anything.
17. What is CSS used for? 
To style a website.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{

}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class is used for groups whereas an ID is for one single thing. You may use a class for the color of all of the links on a website, whereas an ID may be used for one link that you want to be a different color than the rest.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.(classname)
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
a parent child selector is when a selector is in a selector. Its useful for specificity and exemption in your design.
.sidebar:link{}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
An element used for only applying in a specific state.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Uppercase, lowercase, capitalize.
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{ border: 1px dotted black}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
universal selector *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm <file> it doesnt give you a warning.
34. Why should I use version control? 
To keep copies of your code in every stage of its lifecycle.
35. How often should I commit to github?
When any major change has happened
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push 
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Create or fork your own repo
Add your TL as a collaborator
Clone your repo with the "clone or download" button
in git, go to the directory you want to store your repo
git clone <repo link>
cd into the repo with cd <repo-name>
Make your own branch with git checkout -b "firstname-Lastname"
git add
git commit -m
git push -u origin branch-name
submit a pull request on github
change branch to your branch
click new pull request
change the base repository to your forked repo
Add your TL to your reviewers
Don't merge your own pull request. that is it.
